Project:
1. (2014-100380) ABUEL, Ferdinand Kenneth
2. (2015-100364) CORONEL, Sherine Jane
3. (2014-100010) DELA CRUZ, Joey Bernadette
4. (2015-100086) JIMENEZ, Marc Adrian


based on: http://ocd.gov.ph/attachments/article/144/OCD_Operation_Manual_for_Response.pdf
Purpose of a Logistical System
    - DURING Disaster
     1. Receives and Facilitates requests for logistical support.
     2. Coordinates with the transport of assistance with concerned agencies
     3. Provides feedback to requesting DRRMCs/Organizations
     4. Institutes a tracking system of all HA/DR assistance provided including international donations for equipment and coordination.
     5. Identifies prioritization of cargo as "must load".
     6. Orchestrates information sharing
     7. In coordination with member agencies, recommends the transport of food, equipment, and personnel from supply points to destination mode.
     8. Facilitates the exchange of supply-chain information between donors, the UN, international organizations, NGOs and commercial sector.
     9. Conducts constant gathering of official reports and significant data.
     10. Updates assessment of roads, warehouses stocks, transportation capacities to, from, and within the affected areas.

Process
     1. 3 Days prior to a Typhoon Landfall, NDRRMC starts to meet (Pre-Disaster Risk Assessment)
        - Logistics will provide a list of all assets and resources available on ground.
        - Logistics will prepare a list of assets and resources that will be acquired upon commencement of response actions.
     2. 2 Days prior to the disaster, Response clusters are activated
         - Logistics provides available computers and office supplies to the OpCen for the Response Clusters.
     3. Conduct a meeting to discuss the following:
        - Inventory of assets and resources.
        - Focal Person for Operation Centers during response operations.
        - Requests for additional man power and funds
    4. Pre-Disaster, the following are needed to be done:
        1. Inventory of resources (local and national) to identify gaps.
        2. Pre-positioning of assets/resources.
        3. Identifying private partners
        4. Traffic Status (Roads and Bridges, Domestic and International flights, Sea voyage and transportation, Train, Express way); ask about their suspensions.
